# Cream-diffusion-in-coffee-problem
El problema propuesto a resolver se denomina 'El problema de la crema en tu café' y se introduce en el capítulo 7.7 del libro Computational Physics. En este se considera que si empezamos con una taza de café negro y cuidadosamente dejamos caer una gota de crema en el centro, la masa blanca de la crema se extenderá lentamente hasta llenar la taza donde finalmente el café adquirirá un color parduzco uniforme. En un nivel Microscópico la gota de crema consiste en un gran número de \textit{moléculas de crema.} Si seguimos el movimiento de una de estas moléculas a través del café, encontraremos que sigue una trayectoria complicada. Mas precisamente, se moverá por cortos periodos de tiempo en una linea recta (de acuerdo a la primera ley de Newton) entre colisiones con otras moléculas. Además, cada colisión causara cambios abruptos en la velocidad de nuestra molécula.

For this problem the (real) deterministic process can be modeled by stochastic processes having the same mean properties. In particular, each trajectory can be modeled by random walkers. In this case the steps of the walker correspond to the motion of the cream molecules between collisions. The change of direction of the velocity of the molecules after each collision is modeled by letting the direction of each walker step be random. Therefore, our random walkers will follow a zigzag path which resembles the effective trajectory of the cream molecules. The following activities arise from this problem:
- Calculate the final entropy of the system.
- Calculate the entropy as a function of time for cups of different sizes and show that the time required for the entropy to reach equilibrium increases with the square of the size.
- Show that the size of the cream drop increases as $sqrt{t}$. Additionally show that this behavior changes as the cream drop uniformly fills the cup.
- Perform the 'cream diffusion' simulation and let one of the walls possess a small gap through which molecules can escape. Show that the number of cream molecules in the cup, which is proportional to the partial pressure of the cream molecules, varies as $exp{(-t/\tau)}$ where $\tau$ is the effective time constant for escape.
